Look at us talking about things. I guess Chris can always cut stuff out. That's what
having an editor is all about. Leave it up to you, Chris. Save these people from us.
Whenever we talk about, Chris will probably cut this out. I feel like he leaves it in.
And I can't tell it's a prank.
There's something deeper going on. No, no, no, no. I don't care what I look like. No,
the my current mental, emotional, psychological, physical, all of them, all the states, we had
some like production issues. And do you know like when everything in your week is like planned out
and then like suddenly you're doing none of it. Yeah, you know, those type. Yeah, it's like that.
I'm also I'm very hungry. I've done like 36 hour fast. I've done I've done 48 hour fasts.
Like I've done a lot of fasting in my life. Well, not in my life in the last year,
because of Jiu Jitsu for like cutting weight and stuff. For some reason, I am like shaking.
And I've only just not had breakfast, I skipped breakfast and I'm like jittery. It's actually kind
of wild. My hand is shaking. Man, there's always something. What's that mean? I feel like every
time you get on, there's just like something. Oh, sorry. Can you just be normal? Why can't you
just be normal? I just kidding. The production issue thing is funny because I feel like there's
been a few moments in my life where like something goes wrong. And it always tends to like stack
up on other stuff that's like kind of already going wrong. And I always have this like 60 second
period where I just feel all the stress. Mm hmm. And I'm like, it almost feels like
my vision is tunneling. I can just like, I just like let it all in and I feel it. And then it fades
and then just kind of go and get the work done. Every time this has happened, it's like something
like that has happened. It's funny how like dramatic it ends up turning out like it's, in a way, it
feels not serious because we're like, you know, pushing some buttons on a computer. But it's like
we haven't experienced like we're in combat or something. It's just so like over the top. Yeah,
it really is. Yeah, the amount of like fight or flight they go into over people not being able
to see your website or not being able to do certain things on your website in our case.
Is it all fixed? Yeah, no, it was all fixed yesterday, two days ago. It's been two days ago.
It's just there's been a lot of fallout of like making changes to prevent it from happening again,
that kind of thing. So just all the stuff I was working on that I was thinking I was working on,
not working on, and then you just feel like everything feels so scattered, like when you have a
disruption like that, like my, I don't know, just the things open on my computer, I'm like closing
stuff. I'm like, well, there's just a lot. Yeah, it's a do you ever think about how that stuff only
happens when you're making changes? And if you've never made any changes, it would never happen.
And then you imagine there are some companies out there where their product just never changes
and they never do anything with it because they're like past the point of doing that.
And it must be so nice. It is software rot a thing though. If you just like wrote some code
and then leave it running for a long time, not in rest, let's say in JavaScript.
At some point, will it just stop working? Yeah, I think so because it's memory leaks are extremely
common. And prior to moving to serverless stuff, like a lot of my time was spent like a lot,
but you know, figuring out a memory leak was not uncommon. And I think we've all had the
people that have, you know, pre-serverless days, if you ship stuff, you've all had that
experience of like that chart where like the memory just like goes up over the course of eight
hours and then it reboots and it like drops and you finally fix it and it's flat and it feels amazing.
But like with serverless, it's just like, it's rebooting your system like every every couple
minutes. So yeah, you can kind of ignore all those problems. I will say, I built a serverless app.
One of the first apps that I built just kind of like using all these different new,
what are very common paradigms for us now, it was three, four years ago for like a local company.
And they use it every day. It's like, I'll just say it's like a health care thing. And they use it
in their office to manage like their patient experience. They use it every day. There have been
no issues. I mean, like, this is not a thing that I experienced early in my career. If I built
something for somebody, I had to constantly fix that. Yeah, babysit it. And maybe part of it,
I was still young. I was a newer engineer. But I don't think I've gotten that much better and
this app has just been rock solid. Like, I don't have to think about it. There's just like once
a year, it's the daylight saving time. There apparently some the library I was using has like a,
like a one hour gap where there's like a bug during daylight. And that's it. That's the only
issue. And I still haven't fixed it. I should probably fix that. I'm so sorry if you're listening.
Yeah, I've had a similar experience. The first thing I ever built in this extreme way,
it's so crazy. I can just like go to it at any time and it still all works. And that's such a
novel experience if you're coming from the way things were done before. I think the other kind
of rot that exists though is this is annoying and I'll just ignore it is eventually every single
one of your dependencies has like some critical security thing in it. And so you do have to like
upgrade those. And I think with that comes some risk of something breaking.
But yeah, like the fewer dependencies you use, like, you know, the better. Yeah, I guess like
software rot is a term that was coined long ago, I'm sure. And even back when like,
well, was it I don't know, was it when there was box software when you were like buying
DVDs with software on them? Or is it in the way like physical rot where like the medium would
agree? No, not not physical. No, I just I think like the term, I wasn't even talking about like
necessarily applications that you deploy serverlessly. You've been the literal code.
Just like, yeah, code like over time stuff doesn't work as well.
That's just a general software. Yeah, what is software? Maybe I should just know what I'm talking
about first slow iteration of software quality over time. That's a little bit different.
Not a physical phenomenon. So I'm going to actually decay suffer some a lack of being
responsive and updated with respect to the changing environment in which it resides. Yeah.
Okay, that makes sense. Like if the environment changes and the software is not updated,
then it feels like it's rotting. So is this like, oh, the environment being like the operating
system? Like if it's native software, like the operating systems evolving, so your software has
to continue evolving with it. It's why you have to keep paying Apple $99 a year. So if you want to
pay it open, just like things like, like touch screens came out. And now some people are trying
to use your software on touch screens and it like just doesn't work. Okay, expectations change or
all that. So yeah, I think we all dream both as someone making software, you can just like
finish it and put it out there. And as someone like consuming software that you can just like
implement it once and ever changes. But yeah, just the world is way too dynamic.
So is that why everybody does subscriptions? Is that why it's not one time payments anymore?
Because it is an ongoing effort and there's no such thing as just being done with the software
product. There's a few things to this, right? So everyone's like, oh, things used to not be
subscriptions. No, it didn't. There's no one remember how we all paid for Photoshop. I mean,
we all we all stole it. We all pirated it. But if you if you did pay for it,
Photoshop seven would come out, you pay 700 bucks for it. And he would use it for a year and
a half. And then they're like, Oh, Photoshop is out. Give me another 700 bucks. That's just a
subscription with like a yearly contract. It's it's the exact same thing. The reality is is like,
how are you the only way to really do this is you look at the fundamental model.
You're saying every single customer you acquire will only ever have one transaction event with
you. So your only way of growing is continually finding brand new customers, which companies are
already trying to do. And on top of like subscribe, like existing customers, we subscribing. So that
model just doesn't make any sense. You're just like, companies already struggle to do both,
even by doing both, they still struggle. You're gonna like cut off half the strategy and expect
to tour. I don't know. I do I do know that tailwind people talk. I was gonna bring a tailwind. Yeah,
because they do go down with that model. But again, it's a three or four person team. I think
that makes a lot of sense for them. And there is to be fair, there is the reality of
there's the world is less static than we imagine. Like it feels like there's like a pool of 2
million people and you need to like try to get to all of them. But really what it actually looks
like is there's a pool of 2 million people. Some of them are aging out and a bunch of people
are aging in. So it's like, yeah, you do have a shot at continuously finding customers. But
yeah, I think for products that require ongoing maintenance, but also like stuff that's hosted,
this is another thing that I always think about. I don't know if you ever thought about this, but
you know how like you have to most SaaS software like stores your data forever? That's it. Well,
like sort of like if you build like say you build a B2B SaaS product, most of them aren't like,
oh yeah, after like two years, we're going to expire your data out and we archive it.
It's like pretty much there. And like if I paid them, you see how like over time that data could
get so large that it like exceeds what I'm paying them per month. Oh yeah. Yeah, and I do wonder if
there are some like more mature bigger B2B companies that have like had to institute a policy of like,
we're going to purge your stuff. Yeah, like any inactive records we're going to like archive.
If you think about something like Slack, just pure, it's a small company that's using it,
it's a 10 people and they're messaging in there every single day. Slack's bill to store those
messages increases every single month. Yeah, but my bill for how much I'm paying a Slack is fixed.
So their margins like get worse over time. The ratios are insane. Like I'm sure like the cost
for them is like a quarter of a percent or something, but it's still like a weird something that like
doesn't line up there. Yeah, is it like, are they baking on storage costs just get cheaper over time
too? Like that's true. Source shows have gotten a lot cheaper over time as well. Google workspace
has just increased the pricing. I got like 15 emails. Yeah. So like my I have a Google workspace
just for mine. I don't know why even but for one of my email addresses. Yeah, and they just they
just bumped the price. I don't remember how much I didn't even like email or any of the emails.
But it wasn't probably a lot. Just that's notable. So I think that model of like the pay one thing,
it works if you're just shipping a delivered product. I think that makes sense for tailwind
because they're like, yeah, tailwind UI is it makes sense. It's not like there's not like this
ongoing infrastructure requirement. I guess like there's a website and you download the stuff,
but you know, basically free. It seems less complicated. Yeah, basically free in terms of
infrastructure. Yeah. And then for the one like the DHH stuff where he's trying to sell it once,
really, that's just a marketing scheme. But to take it seriously, if his company was actually
growing, like you they would have to release like a new version that you have to pay for again.
The lifetime subscription thing by this for life, it just doesn't work. I did this with Plex like
years ago, like 10 years ago, Plex offered like a bite for life thing. And I did.
Yeah, I bought it for life this year. Oh, they still do it. Yeah, they still do it.
Okay, cool. Yeah. So I guess it does kind of work, but it's just extra challenging.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think we've covered all my thoughts on it. I don't know. The once thing,
I didn't really read the big page that DHH published. Like, what was the idea that they're
going to make a bunch of things that are you buy at once or once it's a product?
And you self-host it. So I think self-hosting is kind of a requirement for this because then
then there's no ongoing infrastructure costs for the creator. The thing though is like they don't,
I'm super into the self-hosting thing. Like SST is all about self-hosting stuff that other people
are paying a service for. Make it like really easy to self-host, you know, like I don't want
to self-host like a Rails app that again is going to have a memory elite that needed to have
monitoring on like, I don't, that's not easy to help hosting for me. Yeah. Yeah. Cause you guys
have gone down that route, right? With the SST console making, you're trying to make that
self-hostable. Yeah. I mean, we're going to have to, like every P2B company like this,
especially the lower level you are, like the closer you are to infrastructure,
big enterprise companies will not use a hosted version. It just doesn't. Yeah. It doesn't work.
But I think what's nice is your incentive should be, if I'm running a hosted version,
I want it to be really easy for me to host it. I don't want a lot of operational overhead.
I want to be able to like create copies of my environment easily. If you do all those for yourself,
it like also aligns with making it easy for other people to self-host.
Cause then they'll also have low operations and you'll be able to like spend a copy in their
environment. So yeah. Yeah. I'm seeing a few more projects in this space. I don't know if we
talked about, it's already the Cloudflare Analytics one. I don't think so. I think you've mentioned
it to me, but I don't think we really talked about it much. Yeah. I forgot the name. I keep
forgetting the name of it, but it's from someone that we're just centering. I think the name is Ben.
And he just built a very bare bones analytics product like bare bones today. Like it's, it's new.
But it does like what Google Analytics, the basics for Google Analytics, page view tracking,
et cetera, but it just built on top of Cloudflare's analytics engine. So you just deploy it into your
Cloudflare account. It's basically free because the Cloudflare free tier and it's no operational
overhead because analytics engine serverless. Yeah, that's pretty awesome. That's great. Like,
I think we're actually considering using that for our own tracking. I'm seeing a few more things
like that. How much is, yeah, how much is I on going to make SSD like a Cloudflare? I mean,
like, how much are you guys going to kind of start defaulting to Cloudflare in some of your
constructs? Or is that going to be a thing? Is it still going to be largely AWS focused or now?
Yeah. So we, we like went back and forth on like the right model for this. So there's
a few different ways we could do this, right? So if you take one of our contracts, like
AstroSight construct, right, to smooth and AstroSight, we could update that thing to
give you like options inside the component to be like, oh, I want the CDN in Cloudflare and I want
like the server functions to run in Lambda. You can like give you some complex configuration
there. We realized that that was like a bad route that was just going to like create like a really
leaky abstraction. And like, it was going to be hard to really customize that correctly. So we
just have completely separate namespaces now. There's like an AWS namespace with all of our AWS
constructs. There's a Cloudflare namespace, which today we just have like a worker construct, but
we'll bring like the AWS, the AstroSight over to it. We'll bring actually has over it, we'll bring
everything to it. And that lets us just say like, okay, we looked at Cloudflare and here's like our
best possible take on deploying Astro there. And they're like completely separate. And the
communities that know AWS and using Astro can like own theirs and communities that, you know,
know Cloudflare and using Astro, they can they can own theirs too. So we're keeping it completely
separate. The first release is like really still AWS focused, but yeah, we want to grow our library
of Cloudflare components as well. Cool. I have a completely new topic to jump into.
I want to know what you think about like framework devs versus app devs.
So this is like a topic that comes up every once in a while, like, oh, well, you're just a
library author, you don't actually build things. So what do you know about what's best for me? We
ever heard that like, I mean, that that comes up. I'm not saying you like you do both. I mean,
you guys like building the console is a great way to like dog food your own technology. But do you
think like the creators of react the creators of whatever UI library, like do you think that they
lack context? Like are all the people debating the internals of the latest react? Are they all just
like too detached from the real world? I guess is my question. Yeah, I would say I think this is a
real dynamic that I think I've been seeing my whole career. There's like this concept of a
hands off architect that a lot of companies, I don't know if that's as common anymore, but at
least when I was first starting, that was very common to have like this architectural role.
It often didn't work out well for the exact same dynamics. Like they theorize these things and then
on the ground, it just doesn't really feel right. Yeah, you see this in the AWS space a lot like
the like de facto way to do AWS, the correct way to quote unquote correct way to do AWS things
doesn't really like feel good for the day they develop or doing it. They're like,
they make sense in theory. So I think I've seen this dynamic a lot.
On the flip side though, I've also seen individuals that are very like when you talk to them and
like there are people that are framework authors, you can talk to them about anything and they know
exactly like what the experience of it is like. So I think it just comes down to the individual.
So a few people that I personally have had this experience with Ryan Carniotto.
It's funny because you would think he's like the godfather of like front end framework stuff.
Yeah, you would think that he's the most attached to me of a library author.
Yeah, exactly. In the sense that he knows all of the libraries.
Yeah, he knows like all of these doesn't all work. Yeah, yeah, but he is an excellent back
and engineer. We all know him for like the front end world stuff. I've talked to him about so
many specific practical real world things and he's very good at understanding like
here's like the thing we're pitching with this framework, but here's how it'll actually get
used. He knows that it's not going to be as slick as what the way people talk about it.
He talks a lot about he actually coined the term for me. He calls it
DOA projects down arrival projects because there's a whole class of projects in the real world
where you just build it once and then you ever touch it again. And he's one of the few people
in the framework space that I've heard like directly say that sometimes frameworks target those
and it doesn't make sense for non DOA projects. Whereas I've seen other framework authors like
show these really simple slick things and be like it works for everything. Another person is Ryan
Florence. I think he also is very, very good about understanding practically what happens
on the ground. And I mean, now that he's at Shopify, a big part of his role is to literally talk to
actual companies that are using this stuff and like figuring out what they commonly do wrong
with the problems, et cetera. So I think he tends to also be very, very good at
balancing both. So yeah, I think with like everything, it just comes down to like
the individual and how talented they are at all the stuff.
Do you think like just talking with people who build with your stuff is good enough? Like,
does that give enough context? No, I think that's like the bare minimum that you can do.
I think that best people are people that like are actively trying to build something and they
realize there's an opportunity for tooling that helps them build it. But the opportunity for tooling
is like a detour for like the actual thing they want to do. That's obviously I think people that
did in that they build the best stuff. I think that another issue is like, this is a scale issue.
If you're directly working on React, like React is so big that the reality is, is you could have
a very nice, very great career just being someone that focuses on like the meta react stuff,
as opposed to like down the ground using React stuff. So I think when something gets so big,
like you inevitably have people that are incentivized to kind of stay in a certain zone.
Yeah, could you explain? I don't know if I really understood. You mean like there's enough react
such a huge ecosystem that there's room for there to be people whose whole career is just
like in the minutiae? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, so I guess the counter I can provide is
if I just wanted to spend all day working on solid JS and solid JS internals and like
thinking about high level abstracted stuff, no one on the planet is going to pay me to do that.
There's no way I can do that full time. Yeah, but that's not the case of React.
There's you know, like Vercel hires people to do exactly that. There's opportunity for people to do
exactly that. And I think what I think the big shift in React was previously every feature that
was released to the public was already in production in Facebook. It was being used by teams to build
stuff and hardened and then it got, you know, shown to the world. I'm sure there's maybe
exceptions to that. I don't know. I might not know the details, but generally that was the case.
And with RSCs, Facebook's not using that. Nobody's using it. Nobody. It's like it's an inverse.
Like we're being pitched it to try it out as opposed to being told, hey, we're already using this.
If it's helpful for you, you can use it too. So that's like the shift, I think. And I think
we can kind of feel that. Yep. Do you ever just get a random taste in your mouth?
Like I just I just taste pumpkin pie right now. I haven't pumped a pie in like a year,
but I taste it. Is that like I'm having a stroke? What does that mean? I don't really know. I feel
like your hands are shaking. You're having weird taste in your mouth. Your emotions are impacted.
Yeah. I don't know. Like I said earlier, just try to be normal. Okay.
I'll try. You know what I'll try. I've been a little extra. I feel like I'm the high maintenance
one of us between the two of us by a lot. 100%. That's not debatable. Oh, yeah, 100%. Speaking of
herself. So there was this runaway bill in the news and by in the news, I mean on Twitter. And
this is the thing that it drives me crazy about like cloud providers. Like why can't I I've said
this a lot on AWS? Why can't I just say here is a dollar amount? And if you hit that dollar amount,
or I just want a free account, like you give me the free tier. Well, if I use anything, it costs
anything, shut it down. Yeah. I know it's a hard problem, but it seems like that should just be
baked in to all of these platforms. And I know Vercel being a middleman and just reselling AWS,
they kind of have the same problem AWS has. And it's like this case by case, bureaucratic decision
about whether we refund customers, if it was their fault, if it was an exploit, if it was a
vulnerability on our side, like all those things. Sorry. Go ahead. Yeah. So just like broadly,
I find it annoying because I'm sure people expected me when this came up to go dunk on Vercel,
but I actually find this these situations really annoying. I think that one they all they're always
resolved. They never actually end up being a problem, but just provide so much opportunity for
like a ton of misinformation about all this stuff to get out. And it's just like bad for the whole
ecosystem that people see these like shock situations, and they see the $23,000 or whatever,
and they like never see the resolution. And it just continues to spread like all this confusion
around this stuff. So I just hate it when this happens. Yeah. I mean, to your point, like AWS,
there's so many people who won't use AWS because they're afraid of a runaway bill that they've
read on Reddit. And if you if you look at the last couple, I mean, all the last ones that I can
remember one because this happens every couple of months, right? Someone posted me like this.
I don't remember an AWS one in a while. It's like, yeah, pretty much have been Vercel ones.
So my thoughts on this are, I think it's a hard problem, not technically, but it's like a product
issue. So the question is like, what headline are you trying to avoid? If you're trying to avoid,
Oh, no, I just got a $23,000 bill. You're you make it so when you sign up, there's like a limit
that you have to turn off, right? Yeah. And most people won't even know about that. Like,
they won't look into the right setting page. They don't even know the limits there. But when this
happens, they, you know, they don't get this runaway bill issue. Yeah. But then you have this other
headline, which is I spent two years working on my product. It finally went viral and Vercel shut
it down. Yeah. That's worse. And you see these with like payment providers and stuff all the time,
like because some like spike in payment activity looks like fraud and they shut it down. They like
lose a bunch of sales. So you have both these headlines that are possible. And whatever default
you pick default cap on default, cap off determines which one you want to deal with. Yeah. So I understand
why they opt for the third option, which is we'll just refund people when this stuff happens.
But I guess like that's default. In this case, there is no ability to say it. I want hard spin
limit. And that's what bothers me. It's like, why on AWS, why on Vercel, why on all these platforms?
I know why on Vercel, because they can't, I mean, AWS, you can't do it. So well, it's like,
they're upstream. I guess they still could. Yes. They can, because they have the ability to like
freeze a project. So because remember, they have their own routing layer before it hits the lambda
function so they can always. Right. They can not capture it. But but remember what AWS is
doing now. They, when you create a new account, your function concurrency is like capped at 10.
Is that every new account? Is that a thing? It's been happening way more frequently. Like it happened
to us. And then I've been seeing it a lot more. So like, that's now they're switching to
opting for the default where like you go to production, you're like, what is happening?
Everything's. But the limit is so low that you'll probably see it very quickly. Yeah, as opposed to
like, you know, seeing it like six months later. Yeah, I guess that just spun off a whole new set
of thoughts. Like you guys use SES in the console, don't you? For email? Yeah. What's the process
of getting actual production usage of SES? Because I've never, it's been too much of a hurdle. I've
never tried. Do you know what I do? I've done this so many times. Do you DM a buddy? And just like,
they know, okay, no, I do something even funnier. Okay. So people that aren't aware, when you are
using AWS SES, which is a service to send emails, by default, you can only send the emails that
you've like registered just for like dev views. Yeah. If you want to send emails generally,
there's a process you have to open up a support ticket. I've done this a few times where I've
realized I'm very certain the other end is a bot. So I will always provide what they ask.
And they always respond with the same information to respond the same message being like,
thank you. And they ask for more information, but it's like already information I put in the first
message. Yeah. So I can just copy paste the first message back and then they unlock it. And I've
seen this message now. And I just repaste it every time. And okay, I need it. I need the message,
or is it have like, no, no, no, yeah, I probably just give it to you. The part of me wanted to be
like, we should just have a component in SST. It just does this. It just turns on. It's also
funny because the initial limits are so hardcore. They're like, you can only send out emails per
day just to like whatever. And then you go through this and they're like, okay, you can send like
4 billion emails every hour. Okay, I didn't need that much of a jump. That's funny.
Wow. I want this message yet or just build the construct. That's so funny. That's the power of
what you guys could do with SST. Like you really can cover a lot of rough edges on these cloud
providers by just doing weird stuff like that. Yeah. So yeah, I mean, I think yes, Versella should
add. I mean, they already have something that triggers a webhook and is on you to like handle it
and and freeze the project. They could make that one click. I don't know why they haven't.
But like, it's tricky. It's not going to be. I think everyone thinks it's so straight. I think
to a lot of people externally, it seems so straightforward. The fact they're not doing it seems
suspicious or intentional. Nobody enjoyed the last couple of days, you know, when their team
enjoyed having to deal with this. And they almost always have to refund. I think their bigger problem
is, you know, who's not refunding AWS is not refunding that. So yeah, so Versella is just out
that money. Like they just refunded their customer, but they paid the bill to AWS. Well,
yeah, I mean, a fifth of it or whatever whatever it is. But still whatever their market was probably
like, I think I did the math. I think it was like $2,000 or something. Okay. So plus the time of all
the people investigating and all that. Yeah, I guess Versella can't then go data best and say,
this was an accident from our downstream users. Yeah, they can't. Could you please refund?
Yeah. The more I think about this, they can or they can't. No, they cannot. I cannot.
Yeah, I don't think that would work because they look bad or just because they don't have a case.
They're like a big customer. They pay their bill every month. It's different than like a hobby person
coming in and being like, I did not mean it's been $30,000. Yeah, that that AWS works with you.
But this is a case where probably not like again, everyone has a shared responsibility model.
AWS is a shared responsibility with Versella, not with Versellas customers. So I can see why
that makes sense. Yeah, I couldn't do that. The thing I keep thinking about is
what is AWS and what are these cloud providers? What they did was they built like a crazy multi-tenant
system. You can get resources. Your resources are scoped to you. The configuration is scoped to you.
The billing is scoped to you. Everything is just your stuff. And they put it in order to create
all this separation so that even though it's one data center, you feel like it's your own private
data center that nobody else is in. Then you have companies like the middleman companies that go
and act like they're one tenant, but they're actually representing thousands of companies
that are using them. So they're stuck rebuilding all the same stuff that AWS did. They're stuck
like rebuilding a multi-tenant system on top of this. And there's such a weird problems, right?
If you look at, so I was thinking like, oh, why does because AWS has WAF, right? The web
allocation firewall to prevent. I don't know how effective it is like, but I'm sure it's very
pretty effective for preventing like DDOS and like malicious traffic. I was like, oh, why can't
they just turn that on? But then I was like, oh, but if Burssel turned it on, that would turn it on
for all of their customers, the savory was for all of their customers. And if like, what customers
targeted with like, you just don't have to lose that granularity. So they're stuck rebuilding that
in their layer. Yep. And a lot of their development time goes into these types of problems. And like
you as an end user, you don't care about those. Those are like the internal issues that they have,
internal architecture that they need to solve. You wouldn't need to solve those if you were
just using AWS directly. So yeah, I can't just, I just keep discovering new ways to understand
like what a tough business it is. Yeah, what like, how do quotas work for Burssel? If they're just
like, if all their customers are really just in like, Burssel accounts, AWS accounts, I'm sure they
have more than one account. But like, they have to deal with these quotas that potentially as
their business grows, that they have more customers using more of their cloud services.
They're going to butt up against more and more AWS quotas, where you can only have so many
resources deployed. And they've got to just continually, I guess, keep that provisioned higher
than what they need. Well, AJ was telling me that when he were just serverless framework,
they had a similar problem because they had like a hosted thing similar. They actually would just
load balance across multiple AWS accounts, not like literally a balance, but they would like
shard their customers across many AWS accounts. So I wonder if they do something similar.
Yeah, that makes sense. Again, just like weird problems that like you imagine that when you
pay a company like this, it's because they're doing the work that you would have to do.
Yeah, but they spend a lot of time doing work that you would never have to do because you're not
trying to manage a million deployments. Yep. Yeah, the WAF thing is interesting. And just
being like DDoSed on Vercel, as someone who is very involved with a consumer facing website that
gets a lot of eyeballs on it, like we deal with DDoS attempts or just constantly. I mean,
we're constantly getting hit with these like bots that are trying to either scrape all our data or
whatever, like just big bursts of activity that's not really stuff that's desirable. We don't want
that activity. Like we have to deal with that stuff, but we have the full suite of AWS tools
at our disposal. If you're a Vercel customer, I've seen the example where a very notable
tech influencer got DDoSed and he just like DMs Leerob and they take care of it. But what do you
do if your Joe doesn't have a relationship with Leerob on Vercel, you're a customer,
and you get DDoS, you're just what? Like what happens?
It's funny because you just drop down into a system that has proper multi-tenant support.
So everyone goes and signs up for CloudFlare, which again is a fully complete multi-tenant
system. They give you a firewall that's scoped to you and they put it in front of their site,
and now they can control the rules that they need.
So if I'm a customer of Vercel and I'm actually concerned about these things,
I just put CloudFlare in front of my Vercel site.
That's what everyone is told to do, and that's what everyone does, and it effectively fixes the
problem. But it's so awkward.
Like now you're routing through CloudFlare to get into the AWS,
to Vercel's AWS network, to go into their Kubernetes layer, to then go back out to CloudFlare worker.
Yeah, I hate the idea of extra hops, stuff like that just drives me crazy.
And I don't know, maybe it's just DNS and it's not like a big deal, or it's not just DNS, is it?
No, it's not just DNS. It's 100%.
It's your CDN in front of another CDN. I don't love it.
Yeah, I wonder if they will end up moving off of Lambda, because...
Okay, so if you look at some of the things they've done, they have their own bubble environment
thing. When you deploy a Vercel serverless function, it kind of lives in this bubble.
There's certain stuff that's injected into the Globals, or certain APIs for even receiving the
request. They had a post yesterday, and now you just standard web request response stuff.
Do you not expose to any of the Lambda specifics at all?
Yeah, you're saying like there's a Lambda function wrapper, sort of.
Yeah, exactly.
There's a bunch of Vercel code that lives in Lambda, and it shields you and kind of like
abstracts away Lambda from your function.
Yeah, so what's nice about that is they could just take your stuff and move it somewhere else,
to their own compute, wherever, and now it's not running on Lambda anymore, and you probably
wouldn't even notice. And they could probably improve a bunch of these issues, like some
performance issues they have more control. But it's a weird place to be, because I don't really
believe that you can offer a serverless offering unless you're at AWS scale.
I think you literally make negative money until you tip over to being like AWS scale,
because it's hard to keep your machines busy otherwise.
Yeah, what are you saying? You're saying it wouldn't work for Vercel?
I want to see why it makes sense to move the different forms of compute that they directly
manage more, if they have their own servers, physical servers and physical data centers.
Oh, I thought you were saying like Cloudflare workers or something instead of Lambda.
No, I meant like just going lower.
Going lower, yeah, which is not something they generally do, but I can see why that kind of
has to happen, because their margins don't like, they're just so expensive, and it has to be,
because they're building on top of another product. If you look at JPoint is out to me,
if you look at the companies that invest in, that's why the VCs that invest in like Vercel,
and some other companies that are similar to them, you'll see a bunch of common VC names,
but you'll never see Sequoia, and that's because Sequoia specifically believes that
you cannot build a profitable business on top of someone else's cloud.
That's why they're never in any of these deals. So that is like a real question mark and a real
problem. So you kind of have to move to your own stuff to make it sustainable, but I don't know,
you have to be at a crazy scale before you can do that. So yeah, I don't really know. I can see
them doing it, but I also see the challenges. Are they not already at that crazy scale decks?
You don't think they're already there? I'm just kidding. I mean, I don't think Cloudflare is there.
I think Cloudflare has a crazy profitable other business that lets them bet on this direction.
Yeah, but that's something sometimes I'd love for you to give me like the history of Cloudflare,
because I don't know if I understand like it started just as a CDN, and then they've moved
into all this other stuff. But you don't have to right now really start as a CDN. They actually,
I need to look up more on this myself. I'm not that educated on it, but they started as the
problem we want to solve is security, like a DDoS issue. How do we solve it? And the way to solve it
for them was to like integrate into all these crazy places in the world, like all these crazy
places where internet traffic flows through, and they did that work. And nobody else in the world,
not even AWS, is as tightly integrated as they are. Like at the ISP level, they have like deals
with every single ISP that's like crazy, crazy embedded. And they realize now that we're here,
we can do all kinds of other stuff. But I think it's just all float from that. I'm not super aware
of the details, but yeah, it's a cool. I figured that that's one of those like 100 year businesses,
like you'll never really see their what they're going to become for like 100 years or so. It's a
long term play. I have another dumb question. I just saw you tweet something about Superbase.
And I realized I see people tweet stuff about Superbase. And I don't know what Superbase is.
What is Superbase? It's like not Firebase. It's like open source Firebase. But what's Firebase?
Okay. So is that even right? Did I even get that? Yeah, I think yes. Superbase and Firebase
are very similar. I think what Superbase initially set out to and still is a tackle that back ends
the service market where you really just want to build a front end. You want to write data to
a generic back end. It has stuff like auth permissions, like all that stuff built in.
And they were like, we were going to do like the best possible version of that. And I think they
did achieve that they built the best possible version of that concept. Did it really well,
built a lot of really cool technology as a side effect of that. And when I saw them, you know,
first come out and sort of get popular, I was like, oh, they're going to win this like market.
It's not the biggest market in the world. Again, like those DOA projects or like agencies that do
like eight projects a year. Perfect for them. I was like, okay, they're just going to dominate
that or like, you know, win the large percentage of it. And my tweet was I found it fascinating that
they brought they like went so specific and so deep with this very specific market.
But people just use them for generic Postgres hosting now. Like they don't even care about the
full background of service thing. Like as a side effect of them building that they also built a
great Postgres experience. Because it's a full background of service offering, it has like great
tools to like go look into your database and see what's going on. And it's all nice. Even if you're
just using it just for the Postgres functionality. Yeah. And yeah, I think that was like a very
unique trajectory. I didn't really see that. I didn't predict that happening at all.
Yeah. That's just making me think of all the things I use. No, I can't think of a single
example right now because I haven't eaten. But there's so many things where it's like you use
one sliver of it and you kind of feel bad. You just have this nagging feeling that like,
you should be taking advantage of more of this stuff that it offers. But you just need this one
part and you just use that part and there's nothing stopping you from just using that part.
That's great when it doesn't feel the rest of product is getting in your way.
Yeah. Sometimes it's very much in the way. Yeah. They're trying to get you to use all of it.
Yeah. And I want to. And then that's very annoying. I think Superbase is a good job not doing that.
Plex is a good example that like I use Plex to direct play media that I have stored on a server.
But they want to shove all this other Plex stuff on me. I'm like, no, thank you. I signed up for
Plex Pass. Can I get rid of all that something? It's so hard to get rid of it. And they're always
adding these stuff that you then you have to let go and turn off in the settings too. Yeah.
Do you see my tweet about that? That's one of my dream projects. Oh, yeah. You want to build Plex?
Yeah. Plex is written in Python. Oh, really? I think so. I think a large amount of it.
Which part? Like the server? Yeah. I think it is. Maybe I might be wrong on this,
but I think I remember seeing Python files in the folders digging through.
It's so slow. Is it a source? Wait. Oh, no, you dug through the.
Just like the config folder files. And so there's like some Python files end up there. Yeah. It's so
slow. Like what? I don't know if you've you experienced this, but like, why is there any
lag going between any screens in Plex? Like it's storing, you know, even big libraries,
2000 records, 2000 records, 2000 movies that you have, whatever it is.
That's like you can just fit all that in memory, literally, like the whole database.
Yeah. And every time I open, like every time I start up my theater, it's slow again. Like,
why didn't it at least get fast after the first load? Yeah. Why didn't it store all that stuff
for the next time? Yeah. So there's that, which, yeah, if someone just built like a local first
architecture on this, it would just blow it out of the water. It would feel really great to use.
It would feel like a native app, which it should, because it's running on like dedicated devices.
Installed like a native app. Yeah. Yeah. So that's one, two. This is like maybe over the top, but
I always thought the transcoder of Plex should be decoupled so it can run on several servers
if you want it to. So you can have like a cluster. Yeah. Let's just have like a dedicated transcoding
machine. Yeah, exactly. That's like separate or something. So just kind of decoupling those.
I think the whole thing should be written and go single binary. You install like, just keep it
really stupid, simple, instead of like this complex application. But yeah, like ultimately,
all it is is like, it's in a way, it's just just like OBS. OBS is a big complicated thing, but all
it's doing is running FFmpeg commands at the end of the day. It's a UI for FFmpeg. And Plex is kind of
also that I love to just like build a true open source version of it that doesn't have all this
bloat is not trying to become a Netflix. It's not trying to like shovel this stuff in your face. It'd be
fantastic. That would be great. I'll use it. I'll be your first customer. That reminds me too. I saw
somebody tweet about Fabrice Belard. Did I say his name right? I have no idea what you just
create or FFmpeg. Okay. Well, it's someone from France. Yes. It's a French name. I knew that.
I'm cultured from the Ozarks. Fabrice Belard created FFmpeg. Have you read his Wikipedia? Because
I don't know how I never heard the name. His body of work is kind of insane.
I think I've heard and still going. I think I've seen this pop up before. I don't remember the
details, but like, what is it? So, well, I'm on his Wikipedia now. Obviously, FFmpeg is nuts. And
I didn't know there was like, I mean, I'm sure there's a lot of contributors to FFmpeg.
But that's impressive. In 2014, he proposed BPG images as replacement for JPEG. I guess I don't
know if that actually took off. July 19, 2019 released QuickJS, which is a small,
embeddable JavaScript. Wait, he works on QuickJS? What the hell? He created it. And QuickJS,
that's how this came up because what is it? The new LLRT run time is based on LRT.
And it's funny. I met a guy last week here in Miami, and he built this really cool serverless type
thing as a very cool product. And he's trying to start a company around it. And he also uses
QuickJS. And like randomly came up twice in one way. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. So we're kind of
spanning all these weird different things, right? Like the he built a JavaScript engine, but also
FFmpeg and also an image format. But then in 2021, this artificial neural network based data
compressor in NCP, I'm just reading this straight up to Wikipedia, but took place first place out
of hundreds in the large text compression benchmark. It uses his own artificial neural network library
Lib and C, which is publicly available. So a large text compression benchmark competition,
he won it with this neural network based text compressor, which blows my mind. And then in 23,
last year, he released TS zip, which sounds like a derivative of that work.
That's a lossless text compressor using LLMs. Yeah. Just like AI, media, and then a JavaScript
runtime. It's just such a spread of things. He's done. Like this guy's got to be brilliant.
You see the commonality with all of these? No, he's very good at making things small.
Oh, interesting.
All compression stuff. It's all like, yeah, we make this small, which is very difficult,
obviously. But like, I think that's like the common thread, like, and it's spinning all these
different places, which is impressive. I mean, cute. Did he invent Q and Q EMU also? Because that's
used a ton. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, I didn't read the little opening. I could have summed this up a
lot better. And that's like a really fast, uh, emulator. Yeah. Don't know how I never heard his
name. I never thought like who made FFM pig? FFM pig is one of the most impressive pieces of software
that's ever been written. Like you can do literally anything with media with FFM pig.
I know. It's amazing. You could like build a whole career on just using and being good at FFM
pig. You know what I mean? You know what? One of the first unlocks for me with chat GPT was like
chat GPT plus FFM pig. And I was like, yeah, I can do everything. Like it can create FFM pig commands.
Yeah. Yeah. It's like it's own programming language. Yeah, exactly. Super impressive. Yeah.
There are just some people like that that are just everywhere and prolific. Yeah. So you just
said there's people like that. Now I got to pull up this. Somebody sent me this yesterday.
Well, not just somebody, a friend, Roger, who listens to the podcast. I know that because
he said something yesterday from our podcast. Uh, he sent me this, uh, individual Johnny Kim,
his Wikipedia article. Uh, this is just crazy. Uh, so he was an American or he is an American
US Navy lieutenant commander. He was a seal. Oh, he said this is an astronaut doctor. Yeah. Also
an astronaut and a doctor while in, was it basic training? What was it while he's like going through
his Navy seal training or something, he gets his doctorate, his medical, what is it? I got to read
this. Yeah. Gets his medical doctorate and gets accepted into the astronaut program. And then
becomes an astronaut. Like what in the world was wrong with us? He's, he's Korean, right? Everyone,
I remember when, when I first heard about this, the juggernaut was making was like, oh, great.
Like every Asian parent has like someone to compare the one impossible to compare you to.
Yeah. Oh, I'm comparing myself. It's like, what have I done in life? I can't hardly have a podcast
and get programming done at the same time. It's got an astronaut and a Navy seal. What?
That's, has he killed people in space? I mean, and resuscitated them because he's a doctor.
He served in the Iraq war. It looks like you got a silver star. Wow. There's just like,
there's people like that. That's what Roger said. There's people like that.
I was saying I bet he doesn't know rust. Someone also asked about jelly fin. So jelly fin is the
open source version of Plex, but it sucks. I think it sucks. I don't think it'll look really good.
There's also in be, in be sucks too, right? He's been around for a long time. Yeah.
I love that like, there's all the hundreds of thousands of hours of work that probably
hundreds of people have put into jelly fin and in be and we're like, yeah, it sucks.
I barely used it. I installed it on my Synology NAS and I'm like, yeah, in be sucks.
Yeah, but I mean, you know, you got to get people to that aha moment quicker. You suck.
Yeah, that's right. It's a marketing thing as much as anything. I mean, it's a packaging,
a packaging thing. Yep. The other thing I forgot to bring up, we never talked about,
is I tried the Apple Vision Pro. Oh, Apple Vision Pro. I would ask you this first thing.
Yeah. This was the first thing I wanted to talk to you about. Tell me, do I need to buy it?
Is it amazing? So backstory, I have a friend here in Miami and I went over to his apartment
for the first time. Is this your rich friend? You know, I said, everybody has to have a rich
friend to go to all the rich parties. No, it's not. It's not that category of rich.
But I did, after hanging out with him, I was talking to Liz and I was like, oh,
this is the urban version of Adam. Okay. And I was playing Y. So he like sold a company a couple
years ago and he's like working on a new one now. He's doing pretty well.
Apartment is amazing. Super nice, really well done. We go into his room and he just has
every single gadget, like every single thing. And he has a, he has a gaming PC. Okay.
You've seen the size of like a typical desktop. This is the biggest PC I've seen in my life.
It was literally like this tall. It was like, it was on the ground. It was getting mounted
yet. It was like, I got my ribs. It was super tall. I was like, oh, I was like, oh,
just have like four GPUs. And then he was like, it was just a normal PC has one GPU in it,
one CPU in it. But for some reason, it is giant and like wild and stuff. And he's going to like
mount it in the wall with like this crazy like wall stuff. I like this guy. He's got his massive
painting button. Oh, another thing that I loved. He had a bunch of art in his house. And for me,
my whole life, I realized if the bigger the painting is the more I like it and every single
thing he has, giant, giant paintings. And it sometimes looks better when it's big, you know?
Yeah. No, I am big on the train of the bigger the thing, the better it is. Kasey's always like,
just because the Apple is bigger, does it make it better? Like, it's better in a fruit, any,
yeah, if it's bigger, it's probably better. Yeah, exactly. So again, so he,
he reminds me a lot of you, because he's like has all this stuff, but
yeah, can I just interrupt and say an apartment? Because he's not from the Ozarks. Yeah.
So if I moved to the city, could I be the urban version of Adam? When you said he's the urban
version of Adam, I was imagining, you know, tall, rugged, handsome, well spoken, those kind of
things. But no, it's the consumerism. That also kind of looks like you too, like similar,
definitely similar category of person physically. But most of the thing that reminds you of me is
that he has a lot of stuff. Yeah, he's has a lot of stuff. He seems like very particular in like,
you know, there's lots of similarities. So he has like every single headset ever,
like the Quest 2, the Quest 3, he's got like those be real glasses. He got, he has, he's the ones
that like a 3D print them to your face so that the light doesn't leak in. Oh, yeah. And he obviously
got the Vision Pro. And I tried it. And I will say I was, it was as someone that has like, I have
the valve index or I'm not new to VR or anything. Yeah, it was like a pretty crazy experience.
In hindsight, though, I think it was crazy because I had never, the thing I was new to was the mixed
reality, like AR stuff. I'd only ever had like full VR experiences. Yeah. So the immediate,
what's funny was the thing that blew my mind the most is when I put it on and I looked at my hands.
And I was like moving my hands around. I was like touching my hands. There was like,
it just looked like real life. And it was so hard for me to remember that I'm looking through a
screen. But the past, who is it? That's that good. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, but like technically,
it's not perfect. Like it's a little grainy and like the light, the color is like a little bit dull
and it like changes depending if it's highlight or low light. Yeah. So of course, it's not like
the equal to reality. But as someone that never experienced that, I was like, this is very good.
Like I really don't feel like I'm inside something. I feel like I'm just out, like looking at people
and I can see them. And then obviously, if you have a believable base version of reality,
when you start to like put fake stuff in there, it's like a really crazy experience. Like,
he showed me this thing from Dinosaur demo where like this portal opens up in front of you
and a dinosaur comes out and you can interact with it. And it's like in the room with you.
It's really, really convincing. It's really impressive. It was really definitely a magical
experience. It felt like. Was it a meat eating dinosaur? Yes, it was. Well, it was funny because
I was like touching. I was like trying to touch it and it snapped in my hand. And I like it seemed
to be like pull my hand back and then everyone laughed at me. But that was so on the pure entertainment
side, that was really impressive. When I dialed the thing to make it, you know, how you can make it
fully immersed. You can't see the real world. Yeah, like be on the moon or whatever. So none
of that was impressive to me because I've seen that a lot of times in VR. I don't think that
experience is particularly different. The other thing is the controls are insane.
I thought it would take me a little bit of time to get used to that. Like the pinching the fingers
and stuff. And like looking where you want to click. It is so fast. Like I got the hang of it in 30
seconds and there is no interface fast than looking where you want to do and click. There's
so that there's a little bit of precision issues, but I think I would just get used to it. Yeah.
But compared to like all the stuff I set up on my keyboard for like navigating my computer
quickly, it's just not going to be like looking somewhere. And no, the computer like knowing that
that's what you're focused on. Yeah, super fast. So I was like, this tech would be great in my
normal desktop where if I just look somewhere and they actually do make stuff that that does that
for like accessibility issues. But controls are amazing. And the last thing that I wanted to try
was, okay, can this replace my monitor? Like is this something that I can work on? Yeah,
there's some like novel things with it where so you can mirror your Mac. So you have one
floating window that is your Mac. And it's really cool because you can like pull it up really close
to your face. And you can like it just is different experience in using a monitor. So I think it's
hard to compare it one to one where you just have something that's replacing the rectangle that is
your monitor. Because you can do all kinds of stuff with it that you can like angle it really
easily. You can like put it below you and kind of look like this while you're typing.
So that's very interesting. The other interesting part of it is any like like auxiliary apps that
you have like Slack or Discord or like you're watching TV in the background, you can pull those
out in separate windows because you can just have those iPad apps. You have your main app that's
your Mac mirror thing and you can just have like your email up here and your slack over here and
whatever else you need. You can just look at it. So you kind of that infinite space thing and
think that does work out. I don't think you can work in it all day. Like too heavy or
eye strain or both. I think it's the eye strain. At the end of the day, every single headset has
this problem where you are looking at an image that's right in front of your eyes and your eyes
aren't changing focus as much as they would. Even looking at a flat screen, like looking at
different parts of it, like your muscles or your eye muscles that are moving. How does it work?
Like I know the thing is just like an inch from your your eyeball, but you're seeing the camera
pass through at objects that are far away. Does your eyes still not have to change focus to see
those things? It does. And I feel my eyes doing that, but there's something that's not the same.
You could feel your iris dilating. Are you kidding me? No, not that. It's like
like when I was trying to like get some superpower. When I was trying to like look at the right
things where I can click on it, I could feel my eyes like focusing differently on the thing. Yeah,
but something just different when you're looking at like a static object. Everyone says the
eye strain is an issue. It doesn't matter who you are. It just kind of affects you.
And the comfort on the head, like it's still like kind of front heavy. So I think hypothetically,
if it wasn't heavy, I think it would actually be better for your posture.
If you can like lean back and like look up here, and this is like pretty good posture, you know,
I was supposed to like hunting down like as opposed to kind of like slumping down on your laptop.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, this is so hard for me because like I've bought every Apple product
ever. I've never had a headset like I've never done VR. So I am new to that. And this is the first
time I feel like I'm just kind of like being cautious. Because I just know I've bought so
many stupid devices that I've used for a week and then they set. And I just know this is going to
be one of them for some reason, not that it's a stupid device. I think it's actually this cool
moment where I think we're we're maybe heading toward better and better versions of this. And I
think this is the beginning of it. But I just I do I know I'm not going to use it. Like I know I'm
going to use it a little and then I'm not going to use it again. And that yeah, that's caused me
to pause. Am I am I shaking my consumerism? Just a little bit. Yeah, it seems like it.
So have you ever tried anything like this? I've the only VR experience I've ever had
was it the the jump mania place or whatever it's called. It's like a trampoline place. We take
our kids and they have a VR thing. We throw a snowball to each other. That's it. I've done it
with my son. This is like a very cool experience. If you've never tried any of this stuff, really.
Yeah, the downside is it's not like a gaming device. So you can't really have like the craziest VR
experiences are games. Yeah. And the Mac world just doesn't do that. So for gaming is not going to be
this device. But it is like, like I said, it is like really magical. It's impractical because
you're not going to buy for them for your whole family. Right. If you're not considering buying one.
So like, when are you going to use it? Really? Like, it's just going to be kind of a solo device,
but you can kind of like pull up cool stuff and like you can like share it and that each person
tries it and whatever. But it's like a pure entertainment device. I don't think you're really
going to, it's going to be part of your daily workflow. Not going to be like a replaced by
monitor and just work on this thing. Yeah. Yeah. I'd love to like, like you said dinosaurs. My son,
my eight year old loves dinosaurs. Yeah, he would love it. Well, we watched Jurassic Park.
It was probably too soon. So I just forever I've wanted him to get to watch Jurassic Park,
just like experience real dinosaurs. Forgot it's like a horror movie. And it's very dark and rainy.
And there's a giant T-Rex about to eat some kids. And it was, it was too much. We didn't make it
all the way through it. And he has a hardly slept sense. I mean, he has, but like every night before
bed, it's like there's, there's this new instilled fear in him. And when I thought about it, it's the
first movie he's really seen. Like his, his poor little soul was completely untarnished from the
outside world. He doesn't go to public school. Like he has not experienced any negative or like
evil things in this world. And then I set him down and we watched Jurassic Park on my giant screen
with the crazy audio and the rumbling like subs and all that. It was, it was too much. So if, if the
VR experience were like a, you know, triceratops or like a plant eating. No. Okay, the VR experience
is not scary. Not at all. Okay. Well, if it's a T-Rex in the room, it might be a bit much for him.
Yeah. I mean, okay. Yeah. I'm sure they have a an herbivore. Is that what they're called? Yeah.
The herbivore. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we're looking for. The ones that the meat eaters eat.
Yeah. Exactly. The big meat suit dinosaurs that just walk around and get eaten.
Yeah. So I think, I think your kids would find it like really fascinating. And I think there's like,
again, the library is stuff. That's another weird thing. You can tell all the people that
have apps for already didn't have a Vision Pro when they made the app. You can tell Apple didn't
give them one. It was all in the simulator because it's compared to the native Apple ones. Like,
they are really like janky and not worth it. Yeah. Oh, another cool thing that I didn't
realize was, okay. So you know how the controls are, you look at stuff and you click and you can like,
you've seen in all the demos. Yeah. But you can also pull any window close to you and run in front
of you and you can touch it and like use it like an iPad. Okay. So you can like scroll through
stuff like it's a normal iPad app. Yeah. So you allow those little details like really polished
and like the Apple apps are very well done. But again, like it's a pure entertainment device
that you kind of have to share with the people around you. So I have a couple more takes on this
whole situation or just thoughts that one, I saw Alex response video and that was the first time
I had seen what is it the quest? Yeah. Let's be real here. I don't care how much it costs.
Okay. It's $500. It looks ridiculous. Like, if everybody is like trying to compete with Apple on
hardware, just like, don't be so bad at it. Like, what are those three little ovals on the front?
It just looks hideous. Like, I can actually imagine a smaller version of this division pro,
people wearing it around unironically and people getting used to people wearing them around
unironically. I can imagine a future like where we wear these things and it's not super weird.
Maybe that's the dystopian future people don't want. I don't know. Time will tell. But I can
remember it being weird when people had AirPods in and it was kind of like, and then it's just normal
and like, yeah, I think I could imagine it with what Apple has built, like the aesthetics of it.
It looks like a thing that it's not a huge leap to imagine. But like that quest, like,
I guess it's a different thing. It's a gaming device. Like you're saying, you never, you would
always do that at home. Yeah, at home alone and good thing. And they also have the meta
Rayman stuff, right? Oh, right. Yeah, I have those.
Again, devices I buy that I don't use. I wore them on the podcast once. I think it's last time I
wore them. Yeah, to me, it is exciting to think this is the first generation and it could be the
iPhone moment where this totally changes computing for the next 10 years. I know it's a long ways
from that right now. Like it's not there, but that part of it makes me want to get it, even if I
don't use it just to like experience it in these early days. I had the first iPhone kind of like
same, same reasons that I would want to have it. But yeah, I just, I don't think I'll use it and
that is a problem. Yeah, I think the thing that was interesting about Zuckerberg's thing was
the price gap is so massive, right? It's like the $500 device and the $3,600 device. Yeah. And I
honestly can see someone getting something in the middle that's kind of compromises on everything
a little bit better. Because the the $500 device is missing some of the stuff that Apple that the
vision pro, some stuff that makes a vision pro feel magical, like the eye tracking and the hand
tracking and all of that. If you double the price of the quest, I'm sure you could get those stuff
in and the quality of that it just is software. So if you put in the effort, yeah, you can probably
get close to that. And that really like all that tracking stuff is a big part of what makes this
feel seamless. So if you can get that at like $1,000 price point, definitely more reasonable. But again,
still the solo entertainment device is just a hard sell. Like we don't really have anything
else in that category. Like what entertainment device do you have that's like a one person
experience today? Yeah, I don't have one person entertainment experiences, Dax. Yeah, I have kids.
But like, even if you don't have kids, like you, it's like, I don't think it's the widest market.
Oh, you're saying like, it's not a great category. Oh, I got you. Yeah, it's okay. You have anything
that's in that shape of like it's an entertainment device that can only be used one time. Trust for
me. No, yeah, I guess not. That's very expensive. The idea that like anybody's going to compete with
Apple on this, it's like there's just people like me who will always I'll just always buy the Apple
thing because I know it makes me feel a certain way, not because like I have it and it's a status
thing. It makes me feel a certain way when I hold it and when I look at it and when I touch it,
and like looking at the Quest is just the epitome of like they don't care about the details
and I care about the details. I'm not buying the experience. I don't care what the software
experience is like. I don't care if I don't use it. It's how it makes me feel the actual product.
And that's why I'll always buy Apple products. And I don't care. I'm not a fan boy. I don't like
have some allegiance to Apple. Like, I just I like the way they care about every single detail
because I care about every single detail. And I know some people don't care, but I care. Yeah,
I think that but the thing to remember though is there's some categories that Apple just is not
hidden. And one of those is gaming and a big use case for this is gaming. Do people people
game on iPhone, right? I guess that's all third party. I think a big use case for these headsets
is like really high and gaming experiences. And that's just not a space that Apple is in. So yeah,
I'm also not interested in that space. I'm interested in us like having this. Maybe it's
contacts. Maybe that's what it's going to have to eventually be. I don't know how they're ever
going to get tech into contacts, but just like an augmented experience in everyday life.
Like having digital stuff available. I don't know. Maybe that's just maybe we don't need it.
I don't know. I'm talking myself out of it. Like maybe that's too much looking for I think
for me, the incremental step is something that replaces my monitor. I think that's like the first
thing something that is like a no brainer. This is better than having a monitor on your desk.
Like we're going to look around the world and there's not going to be monitors on people's desk
anymore. They're just going to be a little device that's sitting there for them to pick up to work
on. Yeah, but that's the the eye strain question. Like is that is that human biology that we just
can't change? And there's no way there's ever going to be a device right in front of our face
that doesn't cause eye problems. That's the question, I guess. Yeah, I mean, the other angle is that
there's no work to do anymore because AI does it. Oh, that's true. Yeah, we're heading toward an AI.
What's the word? Not dystopia? An AI? What's the good version of dystopia?
Utopia. Utopia. That's the one. We're just headed toward this like world where nobody does anything
because the AI just makes all our food and does all our work. I laugh really hard the other day
because you see Ken Wheeler replying to the Sam Altman being like, you're going to turn
into fucking batteries, aren't you? That's awesome. What was the I didn't see that tweet?
What was the Sam Altman seven trillion thing? I don't see the news. I just see the reaction to
the news on Twitter. And sometimes I miss the context. I found this thing so annoying. I like,
I even tweeted about and like deleted it right away because I'm like, I'm just not going to
engage in this topic. So there is this figure going around that Sam Altman is trying to raise
seven trillion dollars. And everyone just ran with it. Every like media outlet, every like whatever
just talking about. Oh, he didn't say it. It's like a rumor. It's floating around from some talks,
some presentation he gave like some private presentation that was related to fundraising.
Yeah. He's obviously not raising seven trillion dollars. Like, what is seven trillion dollars?
Can you even comprehend seven? If you if he was raising seven trillion dollars today,
that's valuing his company today at like, let's say like 50 trillion dollars or so modestly.
I guess we do have trillion dollar in the public company scale now. Like Apple is a trillion
dollar company. Yeah. So if you're investing in that today, that means you're hoping that they
become a quadrillion dollar company one day. Yeah. Right. Obviously, this makes no sense.
There's like, this is not what was going on. I think what's going on was he was talking about
the impact that AI stuff will have and the whole industry that will spawn and like all the stuff
that needs to be in place as a society for that. And all those collectively over like 10 years
will require like trillions of dollars in investment. That's my guess to like put that
seven trillion dollar thing in context. But I was kept imagining like imagine you're Sam Alman.
And you're giving these for this presentation to whatever. And some information leaks. And the
next day you just see everyone being like, he is raising seven trillion dollars. Like we can use
that to solve world hunger. Like this is so fucked up. You must think that the whole world is stupid.
Like you are already building this. You're building this thing. That's like, the whole world is stupid
decks. That's the thing. But like it's not great that someone that's building something that's
better than humans potentially is having this experience where the whole world is so clearly
stupid and people are so so dumb. Yeah. Is it a journalism problem? I just like,
I know some people were just joking about it, but did the public run with it? Like,
did you just spread on Twitter or did some journalist report that you know what I'm saying? Like,
no, there was plenty of very serious sub stack articles being like, we could do better things
with this money. Just have like any common sense. I don't understand how anyone jumps there. I
thought he said he wanted to raise seven trillion dollars. Like, why would he say that? That's dumb.
Clearly, he doesn't want to raise seven trillion dollars. But no, it's just this thing where people
are dumb. People are dumb. It's just it's a sad reality. Yeah. But like, the problem is I'm okay
with a dumb person being dumb. What's annoying is someone being dumb, but then taking the role of
like an intellectual that's going to like write an article about. Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Like, they're they're like dumb, but they're in positions of like, they should know better.
Like, if you're going to have a sub stack and write your newsletter, you should know better.
Like, just know anything. It's like when I watch a movie, we just watch something there tonight
where like, do they have anybody consulting on like facts about technology? I know it's hard
for like being a developer and watching a movie that has a software developer in it or whatever.
And like, I'm sure doctors feel same when they watch doctor stuff. But like, why can't they just
have one person in the room that's like, actually, if you put that in the movie, you look like an
idiot. Yeah. Just like, just so you know. Yeah. And maybe they do and maybe they just do it anyway,
because they're like, whatever, nobody knows the difference. Well, there's the reverse examples
of this have been really great. So Mr. Robot is a TV show, and it's all about like a hacker.
And it's really surrealist, very good show. And all this stuff in there is almost like overly
accurate. Like, they really had people like, you know, that knew what they were talking about.
And it's of course, it's dramatized and like, he's able to do this stuff and practice you
wouldn't be able to. But technically, it's not totally out of the question. Like, it's stuff that
like, you know, makes sense, like, it could make sense. Silicon Valley also, I think captures a lot
of the specific details. And I always wonder, like, who are these people that were able to describe
still like deep Silicon Valley type things that can also like turn that into like a great joke?
I always wonder what that process is like. Like, I don't think it's the same person that like,
deeply understands what these companies are like. That's also like turning it into a joke.
It's more of a relationship between the creative mind and the person who has the information.
Yeah. Yeah. So Mike, Joe, you still working so far. Yeah. So I do know the creator will
have some background in it. But yeah, it's a it's impressive when when media does that.
Get it right. Go back for a second to people being dumb and AI, try out Google Gemini,
the advanced one. No. So it's a it's like a it's chat GPT. It's a competitor to chat GPT.
Didn't they do bard? They renamed bard to Gemini. And that's like,
I hate Google so much. They're just so dumb. I know Google. They just got rid of Google podcasts,
by the way. So if you used to listen, just on Google podcast, sorry, Google sucks.
You have to listen somewhere else. Sorry, continue. Gemini. So it's good.
So they they've had a few different versions of it and they've released their advanced version.
Okay. And it's just like chat GPT. I tried it casually. Frank has been using it a little bit
more directly. And it's good. It's as good as chat GPT in a lot of ways. They did some things
better. Like some of the UI is a little bit more rich. It's not just like raw text. Like there's
more interesting stuff that's in there. I don't know if in net, that's like objectively good or bad.
But worst case, I think it's a reasonable equivalent. Like you could reasonably use
either and have like GPT for it's like, yeah, right. The best experience on chat GPT
is very similar to this. Okay. You go and try to use it and they charge you 20 bucks a month
to sign up. Okay. And this seems like it makes sense.
Gemini.com. I'm going right now. Is that I don't know where I know that's turn your money
into crypto assets. Yeah. It's funny. You want to turn your money into a Google.com.
So it costs $20 a month, which they clearly just copied GPT's pricing model. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. Actually, we just made that number up as well. Yeah. You are a company the size
of Google that has billions and billions and billions of dollars in profit. You have this
competing company that's an existential threat to you. You built a product that's as good.
Why are you charging for it? Literally, if you've made it free. Oh, by the way,
it can also it also has access to your emails and all Google workspace stuff. So like, that's
a good nice integration. That's awesome. Yeah. If they made it free, literally overnight,
why would anyone use chat GPT? They could just put a huge like obstacle in front of OpenAI.
Yeah. That's a great point. And for some reason, they're like, they charge $20. So we should charge
$20. It just makes no sense to me. That doesn't make sense. Or at least like, why not do it cheaper?
Like, yeah. Why? Why not compete on? Oh, it's two months free. I didn't know that. Okay.
That's two months free, but still it is. I mean, it's a huge threat, right? Like, yeah.
I do feel like it has to affect internet search over time, right? LLMs and their ability to surface
information. Yep. And like, that's like an exit threat to your company. Why are you charging this
made up number for it? Which I, here's another funny thing. I was talking about this other day.
Someone making fun of themselves was like, I thought I was super smart and I wasn't going to pay
chat GPT 20 bucks a month. I was just going to like use their API and just pay for exactly what I
use. But they like canceled their chat GPT subscription and switched to using it to record the API.
And they were like, oh, my bill ended up being hired. What that means, the point of number is
entirely made up and doesn't make sense. And like, for a lot of people, open AI is probably losing
money on anyway. So like copying that number, it makes no sense. You might as well make it zero.
Well, now I want to play with it. I think I remember the announcement, the Gemini announcement,
when it's like the multimodal thing. It's like the first LLM that's been, it's like,
trained on all these different types of, not just text, but images. Well, that video was
fake. It was completely fake. I don't know if you saw it. Oh, was it? Yeah, it was totally fake.
And it was, I'm like so embarrassed for them. They did that. Why? Yeah, why would they make a
fake video if it's a real product? Or maybe it wasn't really it. It's not as good as it is in the
video. It's actually just like tag GPT. Oh, okay. So the video was like, vaporware, what it's going
to be like someday maybe. Yeah, exactly. The much like ion. The thing that I'm annoying though is,
you know how back in the day there was just Netflix and you wanted to watch something,
you would just open up Netflix. That was a one streaming service. If you wanted to have an
internet video experience, that's what you opened up. Now there's like 500 and you're like, where
is this thing on? And it's like a mess. Yeah, I really don't want that to happen with
these LMS. Like, I don't want to be like, okay, I'm going to go talk to chat GPT.
Oh, chat GPT didn't give me a good answer. So after a minute of trying, I'm going to go
to Google Gemini. And I just don't want that. It's like, yeah, I don't want the fragmentation
again. Like Gemini is better for this, but then chat GPT is better for this. And I use this and I
just, yeah, I don't want to watch this football game. I got to sign up for Paramount Plus. What?
I guess that didn't the chat GPT didn't Sam Allen. Didn't he say there was like this future of
multiple like specific GPTs? I mean, they you can create custom GPTs now. Isn't the idea that
there will be didn't he even say there won't be one to rule them off? Yeah, but like, you don't
want to have to tag them. So currently, in chat GPT, there are there are like specialized GPTs,
but you have to tag them. So you have to like know that I'm doing this thing. And I know that
there's this GPT that is like the SST GPT exists and it can write SST code. I'm going to tag that.
That's not a good experience. You need to automatically select it. And you don't want it
to be for me. Can we just have a GPT that selects our GPTs for us? Just GPTs all the way down.
What is a GPT? It's like an AWS account. What is this layer of abstraction?
Nobody knows.
Try to ask me how much you weigh complete change of topic. I saw that. Yeah.
Do we just say that on the podcast? My weight is a fluctuating it's it's not a static number.
A couple months ago, I was 188 pounds. And then around Christmas, I think I was 208.
And that's 20 pounds increase. Now I'm right now at 198. So I'm 10 pounds down from then.
I'm I'm all over the place. And it depends on what I'm competing at, which Saturday I'm competing
in the 195 division. So I will be exactly 195 pounds in two days. I got to lose three pounds in
two days. No big deal. Is that hard? I have no context for it. You would think so, but it's
actually not. It's really not. You just don't wonder. I just don't know. Well, there's just so much
food in your body in a given day. So if like you can basically lose two, three pounds, I mean,
depending on how big you are, I'm a 200 pound man. Like for my wife who's a hundred and not in their
mind. My wife is smaller. I don't know why I think a thing you don't do is like say other
people's weight. But for somebody who's half my size, you know, maybe it's different. But for me,
I can lose two, three pounds pretty fast. Water weight. And yeah, just eating less. That's more
than you asked for trash. I'm sorry. Is anyone is this funny thought for my party at React Miami?
It'd be funny if anyone else also did you did too? And then you can do a little like fight in my
backyard roll. Well, Melky does. Oh, it's true. He's trash coming. No, a trash refuses to go to Miami
trash. Oh, that sucks. Every time I ask him about it, he's just like, it would be bad for me. And I
did like don't really know what he's talking about. This is a wholesome place, sir. Okay, so me and
Melky, let's do like a pay-per-view. Let's like, let's have a featured jiu-jitsu fight night thing.
I don't know. In Miami, that'd be fun. I've put on two pounds of lean mass, by the way,
in a month, in a month of training with my personal trainer, Sam, they scanned me at the beginning,
and they just scanned me a couple days ago, two pounds lean mass. So this is probably the last
time I get to compete in the 1.5 division, because I'm just going to be huge. That's where I'm headed.
I'm headed towards, you know, months from now. Who knows? 210 pounds? What's the weight class
called again? Like the highest one? Is it like super heavyweight or something?
Super heavyweight, yeah, something. It's like 225 plus. So my friend who also does a jiu-jitsu,
he's like, he doesn't weigh a lot. And what's in that super light one? It's called like
featherweight or something featherweight or something. It's just so like demeaning or masculine.
It really is. Yeah, I debated, like, do I just want to be thin and wiry and compete in the
195 forever? But it's like, there's the absolute division. So you can compete with people in all
weights. And it's like in the real world scenario, I want to be able to compete with anybody, no matter
how big they are, and the smaller you are, the less chance you could really compete with the big,
big people. So I don't want to be 225, but I do want to kind of be like, we've spent way too
long talking about my weight. What are we doing? I need to go eat. It's like we're an hour and a
half into this podcast. Yeah, you need to not eat because you're trying to lose two pounds.
Yeah, no, I still have to eat because I'm shaking. I'm going to have a couple nuts. It's probably
yeah, probably what I'll eat. Yeah, if you guys have low blood sugar right now, it's why you're shaking.
Yeah, I think so. I have blood sugar issues. I'm pretty sure.
To the adrenaline. Not like diabetic. But anyway, let's stop talking about whatever we're talking
about. Because this is a long one. Do I say a lot? I feel like that's an hour and 42. This is the
longest one. Maybe we've ever done maybe. Wait, 22? Not 42 42. An hour and 42? No, that's what
I mentioned. My Twitch stream is on for. Yeah, I was late. Yeah, it's less hour and 25. Anyway,
now we're talking about that too much. Goodbye, I guess. What do we, we're 80 episodes in. I still
don't know what to say to you when we're done. Just like, see you. See you. See you next time. Bye
Bye.